it's an absolute uncategorised type of
course it's the best
be that wall synced up it is really it's
a great musical experience for someone
who is a musician
music it was so good it was incredible
if kotinagulu way incredibly it was
fantastic I started singing one of the
songs so that I could say I
authentically sang with whatever medical
there's no better quiring the whole
world in this music really communicates
a doctrine of faith it's an expression
of the heart the first time they started
to sing I started to cry
they're wonderful it was just amazing
experience it's majestic just watching
people use their talents to
you move through this alone
I never ever want to take a chance to be
able to to sing for granted and that's
all that matters to me just sing like
it's the last time you're ever gonna see
my soul is free I've never seen such an
amazing choir my entire life just blows
you away if it's right
peace be with you this dog they're
awesome
it's hard to find the words to describe
exactly how you feel when you engage
with them because they said that they
were coming we got our tickets right
away part of twice we'll never forget
this we're blessed to have them here I
needed this
you